Talk a little bit about biogs you're probably thinking to yourself we mean bugs if I'm paying the developer
shouldn't they deliver me something that's perfect.
I want you to know that in every single application there are going to be bugs.
Nothing comes off perfect in the first version.
Please don't be discouraged when there are bugs.
Please do not be discouraged when you come back and you have lots of bugs.
Typically the more you pay a developer the less bugs are going to see.
That's something you associate with a good developer.
However the best developer in the world will still have bugs you cannot or she cannot take into consideration
every single possible thing that could go wrong with your application.
So be realistic.
If you saved a lot of money on your application when you contracted it out then chances are you're going
to make up for it with putting in a little bit of extra effort trying to find bugs and going through
some back and forth till you get your application perfect.
The first version to be honest it could be quite scary could have a lot of issues to it.
I've had projects that came out that were completely mangled and I've had them come out where they are
quite good.
It still had bugs.
Just don't be afraid.
Follow the next section.
Followed my advice.
Put in a little bit of effort and make sure you follow up with your developer wants your products at
purrfect.
You honestly won't even recognize it anymore since the one that they first launched when they send it
to you expect bugs to be realistic about that.